So one other thing I wanted to
mention is if we use a step function,
so in our code, we have this step
function, we have this here.
And a step function is saying,
if it's less than something,
give me 1, or otherwise give me 0.
That's basically what the step function is
doing, it's like this ternary operation we
did before, just like this,
same kind of concept.
But it's probably flipped instead
of less than it's greater than.
That's what a step function does.
But if we look close enough to some of
these circles and it's kind of hard
to see sometimes, but the easiest
way to see it is to export this PNG.
And then look at it really close.
And you'll see these super jagged
edges on all these circles.
And that's pretty ugly.
And in order to fix that, we're going
to use a different step function,
that's called aastep or anti alias step.
And it's on NPM as GLSL aastep.
You can see it on NPM or GitHub.
And so we're gonna install this and
require it just the same way we're
gonna go into a terminal, NPM install
glsl-aastep for anti alias step.
And there's an example
of how to use this here.
That'll just show you here in our code.
So we should already probably
have it wrapped in glsl.
If not,
you'll need to require the utility,
the glslify utility and
then wrap that as a function.
But now we can say pragma
glslify-aastep = require
glsl-aastep, but
this is gonna give us an error.
And this is because this particular line,
this particular module
needs an extension in web gl,
which is something you don't always
see in a lot of the documentation because
extensions are a little bit more advanced.
But all of a sudden,
this is requiring an extension.
The way we actually know is
if we look at our error here,
it's gonna say some sort of error
like something extension is disabled.
So we could Google this
in regards to threejs.
And you might start to find some docs and
stuff on it.
Unfortunately, because this is a bit more
advanced, it's not super well documented,
but you will see some references and
sort of GitHub issues and
things that we have to say derivatives,
we have to say something with derivatives.
I'll just show you how it looks.
And we basically have to go to our
ShaderMaterial, say extensions and
then derivatives, true.
So what we've just done, is we've said for
this material turn on derivatives,
which is an extension.
So this is like a bit more
of an advanced topic here.
And now if we've done that, we should
be able to replace our step function.
So let's say we have
a step function like this.
So we have a step function like this.
Now we're just going to replace it with
aastep which we've acquired up here.
And now just to compare,
I'm going to save the file.
I'm gonna go check it out, and the circles
are smooth, which is what we want.
So that's something to keep in mind,
if you're using step it's
going to be very jagged.
And a way to fix that is to use aastep.
And basically what this function is
doing under the hood is just saying,
instead of making it either A or
B instead of being purely binary,
I'm going to look at the difference
based on the pixel difference
within the rendering of this
distance field basically.
And I'm gonna just make
it a bit smoother and
it's doing some crazy
stuff under the hood.